Adding supplemental information statement and acknowledgements (#23)
greenelab/text_mined_hetnet_manuscript: content/07.acknowledgements.md

## Supplemental Information

> This mauscript along with supplemental information are available at: https://greenelab.github.io/text_mined_hetnet_manuscript/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This manuscript along with supplemental information are available at <https://greenelab.github.io/text_mined_hetnet_manuscript/>.
```

## Acknowledgements

The authors would like to thank Christopher Re's group at Stanford Univeristy, especially Alex Ratner and Steven Bach, for their assistance with this project.
We also want to thank Graciela Gonzalez-Hernandez for her advice and input with this project.

> This work was support by Grant #GMBF4552 from the Gordon Betty Moore Foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This work was support by [Grant GBMF4552](https://www.moore.org/grant-detail?grantId=GBMF4552) from the Gordon Betty Moore Foundation.
```
